wait, wait, wait, wait
because he just heard an explosion and
I'm seeing me that I'm inside one
new
almost inside a container
but I have not gone well, my mother what
weird thing went well in one
departure of containers we will see there
to enter here and then I do not know what
you have to do but there are many
explosions and this looks really bad but
half head tub we go or market or
more or tell me how many tubes there are here
but what does this mean that is a
shit that care there I go I go
we go there we go there we go there we go
there I shot myself the technique of
machines always works come on let me go
Beyond that point it is then to
point
where is the point bo the point bo the
point by point , the point must bo
take it wait I'm going to die and not
I want to restart this technique again
always works guys okay so I just
of falling we restart runs this trick is
the slack added that it is first last
this trick always do the guys
if you can, you always have to do it
come 7th seventh we do not feel and we have to
reach out to everyone mother my mother
my mother, this is what this paints very badly or
be we get out of a crapper and that falls in
I see that here on louse stuff I do not know about
what is falling but gives me gives me a lot
fear better almost better than hollande have
finished first and second
this looks very bad and I see that there are many
mines on the ground I do not know what will happen
but everyone coming and
my mother what to do come and go
exploiting barbarian who starts the account
of the ene efe guys the account of ene efe
It can not be, it can not be, it can not be
You have to get there
at all costs 20 seconds and before 20
seconds
there is no margin of error there is no margin of
mistake guys we praise and we get to the
beta yes sir my mother for the floors
but we have arrived
oh my god well then we have a
We shit by parachute and
we arrived sliding not on the ground or
be in good time sliding plan
guys so up to here today's video
I hope you liked us
liked and want more you already know like
favorite sigh if you are not and we
we see in the next video a greeting and
until next time
goodbye